hey good morning family
um I have some things I wanna talk to
you all about you know um
I I I want to talk to you right now just
like I'm talking to somebody like if
they were invited into my house you know
and you're sitting on the couch with me
we're running out of time
it's very very soon Jesus is coming
and so I'm gonna just be real real open
with you just like like I said there's
there's a lot of good people on here and
there's a lot of people that are
struggling
and um and and God wants to do something
with you and he wants to bring
breakthrough to your life
and so I'm not and here I go in my
prayer time
I heard the spirit of the Lord say this
to me
a great financial shifting is about to
take place
he said my people have cried out to me
Brandon and and they've stood and
they've stood on the word they've given
they've sacrificially given they've
uh of their time of their resources of
of everything people have he said they
they've cried out to me
God where are you
I'm barely making it from paycheck to
paycheck I'm barely making it to feed my
kids the the woman that the single moms
the the widow woman's the the all the
people who are really struggling there's
a lot of people struggling
and he said I'm bringing forth a
breakthrough for you
there is a tidal wave of of Glory
there's a tidal wave of a financial
turnaround there are many of you that
will that will go to bed one night and
then if you listening to him on
direction for what he wants to do with
your finances you'll have a breakthrough
overnight like that
I saw instantaneously some people will
become millionaires within a 24-hour
period
God has a million and one ways to get
you a million dollars he can turn your
your your financial uh hardship on a
dime do you understand he is The Great I
Am he is llan the most high and he'll
turn your finances around he'll turn
sickness around he'll heal your bodies
when the doctor said you were gonna die
and you only had uh 24 hours to live or
whatever
he can turn it like that and you could
be completely restored and back home and
doing what you need to be doing that
quick I'm telling you this is a time of
acceleration and increase it's not time
for us to draw back and be retreating
we're going to take the land for the
Lord Jesus Christ and preach his word
and do the Proclaim that Jesus is Lord
all throughout the world
and then the end will come there is a
great harvest of souls he showed me that
is coming
I'm going to say this
he said Brandon where sin abounds by
Grace does much more abound
he said there is I saw a tidal wave of a
great grace explosion about to take
place upon this planet
he said because the sin the cup of sin
is full and he said I'm gonna do one
last push of a great grace outpouring
before this my sons returned before the
Rapture of the church
he said there's gonna be a great move of
my spirit that's about to happen but it
will be a Grace explosion
okay I was caught up in the spirit
and I saw these two men
that were standing in the back row
because of the revivals that are about
to take place throughout America and the
world and they were dressed up like
women
and they had pink hair and long
eyelashes and the presence of God
because people are seeking and they were
hungry in this revival that's about to
happen okay
and they they showed up and they said in
a back row and the presence of God came
on them these two uh transgenders
and the power God hit him and the man
started weeping underneath the power of
God I saw this in the spirit and he
started taking off his fake eyelashes
and removing his hair and his friend was
standing next to him and the spirit
wasn't really he didn't feel anything he
didn't really do anything but the man
that had the pink hair that was there he
was really tall he's about six six three
six four
skinny probably about
215 pounds the power of God hit him
and he started repenting and weeping
before the Lord not because of
um
condemnation and fear it was because
there was a tangible presence of the
love of God was so tangible in this last
outpouring it's it's it's an oozing love
it's an oozing Grace
that is so um not hell firing Brimstone
you better repent you're all going to
hell but it was a it was a tidal wave of
the glory and the love of our father
upon this this world one last time
saying I love you
I love you
it's not a
judgment like a um
a spanking like that
it is a Grace explosion
of his presence upon this this nation
upon the Earth
the scriptures that he was using sin and
balance Grace does much more about
it shook me to my core when he spoke
this to me
because it really deep inside I thought
that this was going to be a move of of
like a harshness
but it's going to be a move of Dad's
love there's a great shakening about to
happen
before the great grace explosion
okay of this massive move I saw a
shakening taking place it's shaking the
church
the dividing lines
of Baptist Methodist
Catholic all this it's coming down
we will unite as one body
serving one purpose and that is to love
the lost and to get the soul saved there
is a great Falling Away there is this
stuff happening but it will be like a
two-sided coin I've said this before you
can either focus on the dark or you can
focus on the light that's how present
this will be
uh it will be that dividing okay
there will be a great shakening there is
great uh Calamity I've seen coming okay
but there will be a great explosion of
Grace on this and the people will be
drawn in drawn in because of it's kind
of like this do you remember a lot of
you might uh when 9 11 happened it was
it was like a patriotism hit the nation
everybody was real uh patriotic
everybody sang patriotic songs at the
baseball games and the football games
and and we were all like a unit for
about six months or so it was like a
Unity there was Unity for about six
months or so and people ran to church
that Sunday they were all like oh my God
because everybody's freaked out about
what was going on
that's what's gonna happen again
not that event but that kind of a Unity
that kind of um of a camaraderie but it
will be even more like in the body of
Christ it will be a because it's it's
like it's a final push that's what I'm
trying to say okay now I saw a financial
wave a financial push right before this
stuff starts to happen it's almost like
they go like a domino together okay it
will be a a financial push of a tidal
wave of blessing kind of like the
children of Israel when they took the
gold and the silver with them before
they left
Egypt it will be a very similar thing
okay it will be a type and Shadow of a
financial Harvest a financial outpouring
for for God's children right before the
Rapture of the church okay you'll see
this it will go like boom boom and and
God's going to use it the gold and the
silver are his and he's bringing forth
the Harvest of the things that you've
been believing for and I heard him say
this I'm bringing I'm bringing a
financial push for my people Brendan I'm
bringing it and so this is what I saw
and this is the disclaimer I you pray
about this I saw kryptos going up
extremely in the near future like like
like overnight okay you'll you'll go to
bed like I said uh broke and you'll wake
blessed that's how that's how it's gonna
happen
and I'm telling you this it's computer
systems okay and he told me what is
coming is like the.com era whenever Bill
Clinton Bill Clinton took over and and
they brought in the.com Era and the
explosion of the internet how how the
finances in Google and and because I've
asked him over and over and over again
Lord show me
when I'm seeking his face because I seek
his face first seek ye first the kingdom
don't seek God for money like that you
seek him first and then he'll give you
he'll give you this stuff okay
I was driving down the road
and he spoke to me and he said Brandon
you've asked me and asked me and asked
me about the next wave what it would be
like about man because I've always said
Lord I wish I would have heard you
whatever about uh Amazon stock and about
Apple stock and about
um you know um
all you know like Microsoft and and you
know things like that whenever it first
started and he said you've asked me this
a lot and I was driving down the road
and he gave me a flash in my vision of
one of those cryptocurrencies he shows
them to me but I'm telling you there's a
financial wave coming for his body okay
I saw property values skyrocketing High
I saw things about gold and silver
okay
the the the the the for bartering for
what's coming bartering little dimes
little quarters little uh nickels scrap
silver
going up
I saw silver
going up in value I saw gold going up in
value
when the dollar is weakened okay people
say when will this happen I'm not going
to tell you a time frame of when it
happens that's for you to pray about
but I know this I'll tell you this
when you see the the the the the the
Euro start to be in trouble and the
banking systems in Europe
that is the first Domino that will fall
before you start to see the dollar
collapse okay
the Europe the Euro and all that will be
the first thing is what I started to see
now I couldn't miss it I'm human I could
miss it
but
this is the things the Lord I feel has
told me it's my opinion okay
I pray over over uh
over this stuff and he gives me these
cues he gives me things about Poland he
gives me things about
um Germany I've seen Germany and things
about Germany to pray for these people
um attacks things like that for this war
nothing nothing really serious about
that it was like like I said little
pulses the thing about Poland serious
and so I am I go on these spiritual
uh things like a clock with the Lord
and I pray over them
because he leads me and he shows me the
things that are coming in the future
a lot okay
people say a lot of um things to me and
I and and I'm just trying to to try to
be kind
out of the kindness of my heart
for you to pray about this okay but I'm
telling you there's a last outpouring of
finances for the body of Christ
and it's gonna be ability your
responsibility to hear him on what you
need to do for your family water food
[Music]
um electricity
um
toiletries
beans rice whatever chickens
you need to you you all need you all
need to know
okay I'm not going to preach fear
but there is a great shaking in coming
and if you're listening
you'll get your stuff paid off
if you're listening you won't be in lack
when the drama happens you're gonna be
ahead of it
this is really interesting right here
I used to be a real big News Junkie you
know where I would I would listen to the
news places and I would um and try to
see what was going on so I could pray
and the Lord said I'm doing something
different with you
I am tired of you getting the news and
bringing it to me a day later and
praying over it it's old news
get the news for tomorrow today
by the spirit
I will start to show you what's going to
be the headlines and the News a week
from now two weeks from now and further
the closer you get to me on what to pray
in the spirit concerning the world and
what's going to happen
today 15 days do you see he said because
you're you're chasing your tail
you're praying over the the need you're
and the devil's pushing the knees the
knees and you're just chasing your tail
you're you're praying over the need like
this like the oh God there's a
derailment of the train and it fell in
the Ohio River oh God he goes that I
knew that was gonna happen start seeking
me for that before and start praying
over it before you're behind
we got to get ahead he said the devil
Devil's right here and you're chasing
his prayer you're praying like this and
you're chasing him in the prayer
he said you need to get ahead and stop
some of this stuff
it so we don't have to live that he said
you have power and authority son
stop trying to to go behind the devil
and and put out the fires
stop the fires before they start do you
do you understand
we have power and authority in this
earth and until we're out of here we can
change things a lot there's a lot of
things we can't change I get it because
we're in the end times
the birthing pains
so I'm just trying to talk to you all as
if you were in my home today
and I'm trying to I'm gonna tell you I'm
not a real you know all hyper spiritual
I'm just real
I want to be real people ask me all the
time on the comment section how do you
have a relationship with God
if you get real with God God will get
real with you do you understand how long
is this video son 27 minutes man it's
getting too long
I talk too long y'all I gotta uh I gotta
make it short because people their
attention spans not very long they're
used to 30 minute services at church and
they're used to not having somebody
ramble too long and they they go wow at
30 minutes and 30 and 10 minutes of
worship 10 30 minutes of church and
we're out of here and and
things are going to change real quick
uh I've got so much inside of me
to tell you and I have these little
moments I can do it in the morning
before work
tell you about what Jesus is saying
and you need to hear it I'm gonna pray
for you
I'm gonna pray for you right now in the
name of Jesus
okay
now this is how I pray people want to
know oh they want to know about uh my
life
and about how I pray to my to the Lord
your lord our lord Jesus
and like I said if you get real with God
God will get real with you he knows what
you're thinking already and people
people always act like oh we got to be
all so religious when we're praying I
talk them talk to him like I'm talking
to you
I don't I don't
act like super Supernatural God is so
big and all this he's big you get I'm
saying like people are people who act so
religious
I talk to him like he's my friend do you
get what I'm saying I'm not trying to be
disrespectful I'm trying to say get real
with God get real with him and he'll get
real with you I say it again and again
he knows what you're thinking before you
think it and if you're mad tell him God
I'm really ticked off at how that went
today
you know I just get rid of God I'm
really irritated with my life right now
I'm needing some change
you know or whatever he knows I'm
complaining in my heart but I don't try
to be disrespectful I just bear with him
say I'm hurting inside I'm sad that
person really hurt my feelings I'm
really grieved
and and and the Lord will come to you
and I know
you know and and I and I talked to him
like he's sitting right here with me
and I start interceding and I pray for
these people there was a young girl
yesterday in the comment section she
said I deal with a lot of addictions
and uh she said some things on there and
everything and the Lord showed some
things to me after I got off I won't say
gone off the phone when I was looking at
my phone he spoke to me about her this
young girl because she said I'm dealing
with some addictions I need help and and
and I'm not going to embarrass her uh
but the Lord showed me some things and
and it wasn't totally truthful some of
the things that she would show me she's
dealing with a lot more addictions than
what she was saying she was dealing with
and um the Lord wanted to say it wants
to set her free
he told me he he it jumped off of me to
pray for her and she's talking about
being free and it's a demonic Spirit
that's to try to attach to this person
and he wants to set this young girl free
I'm telling you
now I'm going to go and erase it because
I don't want you looking through the
comment section trying to find out who
I'm talking about
it's nobody's business she knows who I'm
talking to but honey the Lord wants you
free and he don't want you bound No More
by what you've been dealing with
okay you know what I'm talking about
I saw
and the Lord wants it wants you to be
delivered from that stuff okay
so I'm gonna pray for you right now and
I commend that Spirit to let you go in
the name of Jesus Christ you come off of
her and you let her go right now I
command you to release her body right
now in Jesus name you don't have a right
to be on her I command you to take your
hands off God's Property
you let her go right now
I command that devil to come out of her
and I commend you to set her free you
use me set free in Jesus name
you've crossed over the bloodline
you crossed over what's not yours
now I need you to repent of your sins
hon
close those doors and don't go back into
that because he'll try to bring more
back on you
don't don't don't don't don't go back in
there and water in that and you stop
reading that stuff you've been reading
okay
I saw some Darkness you doing you need
to stop that you're opening the doors
for an attack
you cannot cast The Devil out that
you're being buddies with okay
you you want free but you've got to do
what it takes to stay free
I know you step out of my motor Memphis
is
[Music]
foreign
y'all pray with me for a minute okay
[Music]
jungle
bake remote
come on under
[Music]
foreign
hmm
atito
Mexico
foreign
freedom
lotion freedom
oh say
Monday
night
freedom
in every area
and every area of your life freedom in
your bodies freedom in your minds
freedom in your soul
freedom
deliverance from those things we take
authority over those things
in Jesus name
addiction to cigarettes addiction to
alcohol addiction to pornography I speak
to those things to leave your body right
now in the name of Jesus
being free
For Whom the sun is set free is free
indeed release their bodies release
their minds release their emotions now
in Jesus name
healing over their bodies
I call Deliverance over their bodies
in the name of Jesus we call the fire of
God to drive it out
it is
[Music]
foreign
thank you Lord
thank you Lord now we believe everything
we just prayed in the spirit
say this I believe for the manifestation
of what I just prayed I believe for the
for the revelation of what I just prayed
I call forth a revelation in my spirit
thank you Lord that you show me what I
prayed in tongues today
and I believe I receive it right now
everything I prayed was a perfect prayer
out of my spirit and I believe I receive
and I thank you Lord for everything
that's coming to pass from it in the
mighty name of Jesus
now
now I feel released to let this video go
you all have a blessed and happy day
filled with light filled with the glory
of God and and cheer up hold your head
up high Jesus is on the throne Jesus is
King Jesus loves you and he sets You
Free by the blood of the lamb and by the
word of Our Testimony
Hallelujah have a good day bye-bye